Change work status in all 
1. Backend 

All done

2. Backend nu measurement 

add respective buttons ( quotation button---done ) ( save & exit )
edit measurement table. add window number, room number so backend easily add blank room and windows. 
add selection list in room name like bedroom , hall, kitchen etc. (Last ma karvu kumar ne puchi ne)
type of curtain ma options (Ring , Roman and American)
Fabric using master file 
backend and fitter bane 1 time par 1 field bhare to shu thase?
make readonly fields for backend. 

3. Backend nu quotation 

auto table
add respective buttons and also give print button which contain quotation and measurement so they can send to client 
so basically new white page like bill page (we can see sample in workspace mail id).
add master file for material, Rate, Gst 
so now we need auto calculation formulas for sub total and grand total also less discounts. 

4. Fitter 

add measurement page after giving work no. (done) and in this we need some other not readonly fields.
Change and make easy fitter work done thing for them.
and save button

Fittermeasure page:= 
Add routes for their actions. 
save button , delete quotation button. 

5. Tailor 

things want to change is maybe in your notebook so read and add it. 
and main thing is that you should change measurement table in it because it is with auto calculated system.

6. Admin 

search oder by name
work order detail page
error: 1.getting suggestion of the seached order number only and new entered order, it is not displaying old orders.
       2.while searching with name , only one ouput is displyed

7. 2 bill pages 

auto fill everything in it.
and main thing print buttons 

8. client page 

maybe in 2nd update. 


-> In master file we need 
item name or item code (Fabric in measurement)
Rate
GST	
HSN / SAC 
What about unit ? you need auto or manual ?  

https://tableconvert.com/excel-to-json this is best website for making json file. in this we need array json file.
like [
    {
        "name": "Accessories",
        "hsn": "85014090",
        "rate": "1200",
        "gst": "18%"
    } ] this. 

-> Backend ma shu shu karyu ?
1. table editable
2. save button action measure-save
3.